what is up guys Jake from one hive and
it's war recap time this one was we went
up against a clan called elite Raiders
and I want to go through the attacks
they did because I got most of theirs in
but they they were what we refer to here
in our community is to star specialist a
lot of go wipes and I'm not going to
touch too much on that because it
actually has prompted me to make another
video a theory craft the 3 stars you see
their town hall a job Frank is a brand
new town hall 9 sort of 8.5 I guess but
it it spurred me to make another video
and i'm going to do that rafter i'm done
with this one so be looking for that and
i'll touch more on that but great job
everybody at one have we rip their bases
up i mean all the way down all Town Hall
nines and below three starred 13 * on
Town Hall 10 number 5 by rekhs i'm not
going to show that right now because Rex
not gonna do a base break down on that
you guys will look forward to that and
enjoy it I guarantee it um so let's get
to some other taxes come be an all town
hall 9 attack a video so let's check it
out first when we look at his FB take
another number 11 really nice attack
here look at not a great base good job
up there on the ler sitting in just a
few a few hogs to get the clan castle or
taking out a defensively look at all
these free three free point defense guys
your point defense are huge don't ever
leave three of them out there just
completely exposed like that three
balloons take out three defenses 141
trades that had he done the bottom first
FB instead of getting agler first
probably could have done two balloons to
I got all three of those so just really
bad placement on that but good job
exploiting it by FB just drop in CC
taking on the CC troops with his kill
squad which is Wizards Queen you know
take out that dragon no problem there
golem goes down and send in the king
right behind it so that
good the queen is completely exposed not
even I mean she's technically behind a
wall but there's a gap so the king is
going to march right in there and take
her out no problem and already the
halter coming like the hog deployment
because it's a two finger drop but look
how they're going to end up under the
same Hill right there perfect heel
placement not too early now that part I
didn't like the CC troops up they're
coming in the side I guess it's a good
thought but that happens you know you
dropped a bomb Marion lost an entire six
hogs to that bomb because you didn't
want to waste a heel which was the right
move but had you just sent them in with
with the main squad that wouldn't have
happened I know you can't always know
where bombs are it's the first attack
but that's the one of the reasons i
don't like multiple locations to drop
like that but really nice job I just
keeping the Hogs up through through the
base obviously what just wrecked this
face took it apart just real quickly
I'll start to fast forward as the last
few defensive buildings go down and then
it's just clean up time so really nice
attack FB everything was great on it-
just what i would say that on that clan
castle drop but hey you know stuff like
that happens so really good a tech man
alright moving along let's look at and i
cannot dude i'm sorry is it i'm going to
call you d for now welcome to the clan
new member welcome d your d so d taking
on their number number thirteen really
nice attack actually he had a six star
war so really really good showing there
and with a couple different army
composition so that's nice to see that
he's got some knowledge of multiple
compositions just sending the golem in
getting the attack started a hero's
right behind it few Wizards to back it
up brought the lightning for the CC
troops got most of them taken care of
the few that are left are going to get
taken out right there by the Queen then
just jump spell then letting everything
get to it in this this base here great
base identification because the air
defenses are there don't we touching
each other I mean don't ever do that on
your bases guys way to close that Queens
going to stand back she's going to snipe
to air defenses and once that's done
then he's going to start his air attack
with with the lava hounds with the
balloons all that so really good job on
this base picking it apart and taking it
attacking it the way it should be lava
hounds go down just from the top and I
like that look at the angle he took
that's going to soak up all those any
air traps that are in there it's going
to draw fire from the archer tower from
all that stuff while the balloons are
making their move into it so really like
the angle that was taken on it then and
then just that wrapping around the base
motion sending the balloons in letting
them do their thing right there that
lava hound is about to redirect as soon
as that air fence go down right there
got to lava hounds going to the next one
now they're drawn fire so he's
continuing with wrapping around all
those balloons just keeping radius
dropped just a beautiful little unit act
that's that's a perfect base for it and
a perfect deployment to take this base
out lava hound goes down there so we got
some extra clean up troops I think you
still got one lava hound maybe maybe not
they both them went down yet so just
just great everything about it was good
just completely wrecked that base
usually get plenty of balloons leftover
plenty of a lot of pups and minions to
clean up so just a beautiful attack keep
it up all right let's look at one more
get air bear we don't did air bear in a
while let's see taking on number 18 air
bear was not the highest level base a
little bit lower level mid you know
early to mid town hall 9 just a few hogs
go down over there take out an archer
tower get the client castle or so that's
awesome and look at this John enormous
open compartment down here at the bottom
two golems go down not even going to
worry about just taking the CCL because
the heroes are right there as well those
golems are going to tank for the heroes
and a tank for the CC and just dropping
the heel right there keeping all his
troops up all that's going down and
right there are two bombs already
tribute now here's what I'll the one
thing I wish everybody would have done
it was so close these just in a few
seconds you can see that those troops
are going to get past those destroyers
that are holding them up there and that
test on the outside and that second set
of giant bump is going to get triggered
but just went ahead and sent his hogs in
the
going to actually catch the one of those
bought giant bombs so it made him use
his heels a little earlier had he just
waited just I mean maybe 23 seconds more
his kill squad was we'll set those bombs
off his hogs would enough and he could
have had those hills way farther up in
the base but nevertheless a beautiful
attack and even with having to use the
hills a little earlier than I think
everybody would like just wrecks this
base doesn't have any left up here for
the top but didn't need them all the
bombs were down there and has plenty of
hogs left over so as we fast forward
it's just clean up time and just
absolutely reckon this space really nice
attack air bear alright guys that's it
for this war that i'm going to show
again i'm going to show a few more of
our attacks in the theory craft video
coming up so be looking for that and
then obviously grex and i are going to
do a basic breakdown on that beautiful
town hall 10 3 star that he had so also
be watching for that coming up soon hope
you guys liked the video until next time
jake from one half reminding you guys to
suck less